Adds WebCodecs AudioDecoder (#8906)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/audiodecoder/flush/index.md

---
title: AudioDecoder.flush()
slug: Web/API/AudioDecoder/flush
tags:
  - API
  - Method
  - Reference
  - flush
  - AudioDecoder
browser-compat: api.AudioDecoder.flush
---
{{securecontext_header}}{{DefaultAPISidebar("WebCodecs API")}}

> The **`flush`** method of the {{domxref("AudioDecoder")}} interface returns a promise that resolves once all pending messages in the queue have been completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`flush()`** method of the {{domxref("AudioDecoder")}} interface returns a Promise that resolves once all pending messages in the queue have been completed.
```

## Syntax

```js
AudioDecoder.flush()
```

### Parameters

None.

### Return Value

> A {{jsxref("Promise")}} that resolved with undefined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A {{jsxref("Promise")}} that resolves with undefined.
```

### Exceptions

- {{domxref("DOMException")}} `InvalidStateError`

>   - : A rejected promise returned if the {{domxref("AudioDecoder.state","state")}} is not `"configured"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The Promise rejected because the {{domxref("AudioDecoder.state","state")}} is not `"configured"`.
```
